Add `xstate.stop` event and fix exit handlers execution (#3126)
statelyai/xstate: .changeset/slow-cheetahs-try.md

---

> 'xstate': minor

Author: I've added a changeset here - @davidkpiano  maybe you could review the wording and the level of the detail included here

Reviewer: Some nits, LGTM

---

> All `exit` actions in the machine will now be correctly resolved and executed when a machine gets stopped or reaches its final state. Previously the actions were not correctly resolved and that was leading to runtime errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All `exit` actions in the machine will now be correctly resolved and executed when a machine gets stopped or reaches its top-level final state. Previously, the actions were not correctly resolved and that was leading to runtime errors.
```

> To implement this fix in a reliable way a new special event has been introduced: `{ type: 'xstate.stop' }` and when machine stops its execution all exit handlers of its current state will be called with that event. You should always assume that an exit handler might be called with that event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement this fix in a reliable way, a new internal event has been introduced: `{ type: 'xstate.stop' }` and when the machine stops its execution, all exit handlers of the current state (i.e. the active state nodes) will be called with that event. You should always assume that an exit handler might be called with that event.
```
